
# MMICSharp - Core

This repository contains the core implementation of MOSIM in C#. This includes the compiled thrift interfaces and data-model clases. This repository only hosts the implementation (cs-files), but no visual studio projects for compilation. It is used as a submodule in the [MOSIM-CSharp](https://github.com/dfki-asr/MOSIM-CSharp) project repository and in the [MMIUnity-Core](https://github.com/dfki-asr/MMIUnity-Core) Unity package. 

As the source code is used in pure C# project and Unity projects as well, it tracks the *.meta files generated by unity. These can be mostly ignored by pure C# developers, but should not be removed, unless the corresponding class file is removed. When moving files within this repository, please ensure to move the corresponding *.meta files as well. *.meta files are used by Unity to keep references to the individual class files. 

If you want to use this source code in Unity, please do not directly this submodule, but use the [MMIUnity-Core](https://github.com/dfki-asr/MMIUnity-Core) Unity package instead. 

## Repository Structure:
- **MMIStandard**: auto-generated thrift files. Do not change these files, but rather the thrift definition files in the [MOSIM main repository](https://github.com/dfki-asr/MOSIM) to keep the framework consistent over all programming languages. 
- **MMICore**: base implementation of different features and tools within the MOSIM framework to be used in different sub-projects. 
    - _Access_: different helper classes to enable the access to local and remote thrif-services
	- _Adapter_: base implementation of MOSIM-Adapters
	- _Clients_: helper classes for the implementation of remote Adapters and Services
    - _Common_: implementation of different aspects of the MOSIM framework, including constraint management, blending and the intermediate skeleton
	- _CoSimulation_: implementaion of a base co-simulation approach
	- _Extensions_: different classes extending C# class interfaces
	- _Services_: helper classes for service development

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute code you can do so through GitHub by forking the repository and sending a pull request.

If you want to get involved more actively in the MOSIM project, please contact Janis Sprenger (DFKI) for further information.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE). 

Notice: Before you use the program in productive use, please take all necessary precautions, e.g. testing and verifying the program with regard to your specific use. The program was tested solely for our own use cases, which might differ from yours.

## Authors

As this project was merged from different git repositories, this list contains all additional authors, not tracked properly by github. 

- Felix Gaisbauer (Daimler)
- Andreas Kaiser (Daimler)
- Janis Sprenger (DFKI)
- Erik Herrmann (DFKI)
- Klaus Fischer (DFKI)
- Bhuvaneshwaran Ilanthirayan (DFKI)
- André Antakli (DFKI)
- Adam Klodowski (LUT)
- Stephan Adam (TWT)
- Michael Romer (HS-Ulm)
